British English Academy.
A1 listening activity.
Course: A1 Starter English.
Module 5: Daily Routines and Free Time.
Lesson 4: Daily Routines and Free Time: Listening Lesson 4.
Listen slowly. Repeat each short sentence.
Listen carefully. You will hear the model once, then answer the question.
Learning objective: Learners can name, identify, ask and answer basic questions in a listening task about family.
Today you will practise language connected to family.
Target language: there is/there are.
Explanation.
In this lesson you will practise listening for daily routines and free time. You will learn useful language connected to family and practise there is/there are. By the end, you should be able to complete a short real-life task and explain your answer clearly at A1 level.